gh-85566: State interpreter var "_" in appendix of tutorial (#21654)
python/cpython: Doc/tutorial/appendix.rst

:exc:`KeyboardInterrupt` exception, which may be handled by a :keyword:`try`
statement.

.. _tut-var:

Special ``_`` variable
-------------------------

> There is a special variable ``_`` in interactive mode, which stores the result of the last 

Reviewer: The Travis build (and maybe others) is failing due to trailing whitespace on this line.

> There is a special variable ``_`` in interactive mode, which stores the result of the last 

Reviewer 2: I guess trailing whitespace means extra space, then there is an extra space at the end of this line

> evaluated expression. If the last expression evaluated to ``None``, then the value of ``_``

Reviewer 3: I'm thinking the two commas here are somewhat superfluous. What do you think?

Reviewer 4: Some grepping:
```
sk@note:~/src/cpython $ git grep '[[:space:]]`None' Doc/  # no hits
sk@note:~/src/cpython $ git grep -F '``None``' Doc/|wc -l
1396
```

:exc:`KeyboardInterrupt` exception, which may be handled by a :keyword:`try`
statement.

> .. _tut-var:

Reviewer 5: What about something less generic / cryptic:

```suggestion
.. _tut-underscore-variable:
```

Special ``_`` variable
-------------------------

> There is a special variable ``_`` in interactive mode, which stores the result of the last
> evaluated expression. If the last expression evaluated to ``None``, then the value of ``_``
> is not updated.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
There is a special variable ``_`` in interactive mode, which is updated with the result
of the last evaluated expression, unless it was ``None``.
```

Reviewer 5: I think the verb should be in the past: _unless it was None_

but would like a native speaker to confirm!

Reviewer 5: Now I think _unless it is None_ reads better!

(it _is_ none as the time of check)

For example:

> 
>    >>> _  # Not defined yet
>    Traceback (most recent call last):
>      File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
>        _
>    NameError: name '_' is not defined

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion

.. doctest::
   :options: +SKIP

   >>> _  # Not defined yet
   Traceback (most recent call last):
     File "<stdin>", line 1, in <module>
       _
   NameError: name '_' is not defined
```

I doubt this example is fixable.  Either you could remove one or exclude entire block from testing, as suggested.
